As a Finance Enterprise Partner (FEP), you will play a pivotal role in partnering with the commercial organization to drive key initiatives that align with our commercial strategy. Utilizing your business acumen and financial expertise, you will build robust networks to share best practices and co-create value-generating solutions for our affiliate, enterprise, and customers. Acting as a trusted thought partner, you will ensure efficient resource allocation and maximize impact along the customer journey. Your responsibilities include supporting touchpoints along the customer journey, preparing estimates for new deals, balancing resource allocation, and providing financial advice. You will develop a coherent commercial strategy, ensure financials align with targeted business results, and implement best practices. With a focus on driving profitability and sustainable commercial deals, your entrepreneurial mindset, strong analytical skills, systems thinking, and ability to thrive in a networked environment will enable better business decision-making and navigate complex challenges for growth and success.
Key Challenges

Partner with the business and support or co-lead touchpoints along the customer journey, with an enterprise mindset.
Connect back-office functions with customer-facing departments to support market-path planning.
Prepare estimates for new deals and support decision-making.
Balance resource allocation across competing priorities and advise on the financial implications of proposed business activities.
Develop and implement a coherent affiliate commercial strategy, including business planning, opportunity prioritisation, and creative strategies for revenue generation.
Ensure financial metrics are on track to achieve targeted business results, providing advice on deviations and corrective actions.
Monitor and manage customer performance via the contract lifecycle with a focus on profitability and outcomes.
Propose and drive ideas for P&L improvement, including upsell opportunities, efficiency/waste management, risk reduction, and channel filling.
Participate in FEP communities to learn, share, and implement best practices across markets.
Stimulate behaviours across the organisation aligned with financial objectives.
Ensure sustainable commercial deals by evaluating risks, competitor assumptions, and implementing sustainable pricing strategies.
Stay abreast of and scan the internal and external business landscape for trends, issues, and opportunities to create value.
​​​​​​​Who you are as our ideal candidate:

You have a Degree in finance or a related discipline. 
 3 - 5 years financial accounting experience with experience in  GAAP, IFRS, ICFR
ERP Experience ideally SAP, with excellent working knowledge of SAP FICO modules and Excel (advanced)