Responsibilities

Provides procurement, logistical and administrative support to a team of Procurement Officers in the acquisition of a wide variety of goods and services.
Reviews, records and prioritizes purchasing requests and obtains additional information/documentation as required, determines the availability of vendors and funding sources.
Monitors status of existing requisitions, maintain contact with suppliers to ensure timely delivery of goods and services, coordinates shipment of goods/commodities/equipment to HQ and field missions, verifies receipt and inspection of deliverables and accurately reports, as and if required.
Produces tender documents (e.g., Invitations to Bids, Requests for Proposals and Requests for Quotation) based on the nature of requirements and cost of procurement involved.
Prepares abstracts of offers and compile data contained in quotations, proposals and bids to determine which supplier can deliver the required goods/services at the best terms and lowest costs possible under the guidance of Procurement Officers.
Finalizes purchase orders and contracts for approval by the Procurement Officer; may authorize purchases in line with delegated signature authority, and, if required, prepares submission to the Contracts Committee for review and subsequent approval by the authorized official.
Assists relevant officers in more complex, higher value purchasing operations; coordinates distribution of pertinent documents to concerned parties, ensures appropriate follow-up action, etc.
Maintains relevant internal databases and files; keeps track of any contractual agreements, systems contracts, etc. and informs affected users of contractual rights and obligations.
Researches, retrieves and presents information from a variety of internal and external sources on sources of supply, vendors by commodity, etc., as well as obtain specifications for new products and equipment on the market.
Drafts routine correspondence.
Assists with the collection and analysis of data as well as preparation of data presentations and reports for information sharing, responding to queries, knowledge management, planning and decision making.
Assists with visualizations and updating information material such as web pages or brochures.
Performs other related duties as assigned.
Education

Completion of secondary education/ high school diploma is required.
Supplementary courses or additional training in procurement functions is desirable.
Work Experience

A minimum of five (5) years of progressively responsible experience in procurement or related area is required.
The minimum years of relevant experience is reduced by two (2) years for candidates who possess a first-level university degree.
Experience working with a System Application and Products (SAP) system is required.
Work experience in Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system is desirable.
One (1) year or more of experience in data analytics or related area is desirable.